♪ Magic is real here ♪
♪ Far away from home ♪
♪ Anything can happen ♪
♪ When witches make the rules ♪
♪ Monsters are cool ♪
♪ The moon is our friend ♪
♪ I wanna stay with you ♪
♪ On Summer Camp Island ♪
♪♪
Exposition Horse:
'Tis early morn at Miss Mary's
boarding house
for Hot Corn Girls.
And Susie doth brush,
with no great rush,
her delicate pink curls.
Pink! Curls!
Susie looks in the mirror
and gives her hair a toss
and then she applies
to her survise
some early-17th-century
lip gloss!
Lip! Gloss!
Today is very special.
Susie's 15th birthday.
So Susie seeks from 'neath the
sheets a box she's hidden away.
Hidden! Aw--
Bold Pete,
I know we're all very excited
about my imminent foray
into magical maturity,
but I don't want
everyone in London
to hear about
my special box.
That's why
I've been hiding it.
So if you don't mind...
Okay.
I'll just stand here.
Quietly.
[ Frogs croak ]
Susie: This box is packed with
irreplaceable family heirlooms.
The ritual chalice,
dodo feather, witch grease,
and especially
the heather brooch.
With these, when Mum and Dad
get here,
everything will be ready for me
to become the most magical mage.
Then we're all going to return
to the lovely moors
and live happily ever after.
Mum: Our Dearest Susie,
we can't wait to see you
and Mildred
in your London digs.
Poppa Woppa: Your folks
are slogging along
with Mildred's potion in tow
and will be back in time
to perform your Gibbous Rite!
Mum: We're so proud of you, Suz!
Love, Mum.
Poppa Woppa: And Poppa Woppa!
[ Knock on door ]
I just want to wish you
a happy birthday, Susie.
Oh, you've grown so much
since you showed up
on our doorstep
a year ago.
Today you go from hot corn girl
to hot corn woman.
Miss Mary, today is also the day
of my Gibbous Rite.
I'm finally going to be
a full witch.
Just like you.
This is my heather brooch.
It's part of the ceremony.
It represents the moorland
where I'm from.
What does your thistle brooch
symbolize?
It's 'cause
I'm from Scotland.
That place is lousy
with thistles.
Susie, Susie, Susie!
Happy birthday!
I love you.
I can't wait to give you a gift.
I need to figure out
what your gift is,
but it'll be
really ostentatious
and something that
you've always wanted.
I got it!
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
Let me get ready for this.
Tuck that under there.
Get my frog poncho.
'Kay, ready.
A seven-pound ham.
Oh.
There's frogs in the ham, eh?
Oh, well,
can't be helped.
That's just what you get
with old Mildred.
Let me try again.
Focus, Mildred.
Something grand, soft.
Ah-ha!
Three wooly sheep
from the heathers.
[ Sheep baa, frogs croak ]
Whoop.
More frogs, eh?
Well, at least the frogs
aren't inside the sheep.
Happy birthday.
Sheep:
♪ Happy baaa-thday to ewe ♪
This is very thoughtful, Mil.
I love the sheep. I do.
But the greatest gift
you could give me today
is just to be
a pinch more reserved.
I just want to sell the corn
and get back here
by 4:30, frogless,
and ready for my Gibbous Rite.
That's all you want?
Yeah.
Easy.
Can I get you that
for Christmas too?
Hot corn!
Buttery hot corn!
Pipin' hot corn!
Get some corn
for your Jenny.
Hot!
Two for a penny.
Pipin' hot!
Three for the granny...
Oh.
There are those witch girls
who ignore you like
you're a nobody.
Maybe if they knew it was
your 15th birthday,
they'd think
you're a somebody.
Mildred, no.
Hey!
Witch girls!
Come over and say happy birthday
to my sister.
But you have to be
a pinch reserved.
I wanted them to wander over
on their own
and casually notice
that I look special today
and then find out,
through casual conversation,
that today
is my birthday.
Sorry.
I didn't know about that.
That sounds so...
Subtle?
I'm 13.
I don't know about subtle yet.
There's a whole bunch of stuff
you don't understand
and won't until
you're my age.
I can't wait.
Fancy Girl: Oh, my goodness.
Where are our manners?
Happy birthday, uh...
Susie.
Her name is Susie.
That's so weird.
My older brother's girlfriend
told me that hot corn girls
have names like
"Lil Patches" or "Scooter."
Well, her name is Susie,
and the next time
you see her,
she'll be
a full-fledged witch.
She'll have her Gibbous Rite
later today.
Mildred, shush.
Oh, I wish I'd brought
a gift for you.
Actually, I absolutely
have a gift for you.
We just bought this
from the shops.
Everyone who's anyone
is doing it.
Wait,
what are you doing?
You can't actually
give her that.
It's dangerous.
Hush up.
It's going to be funny.
Take it.
Susie: [ Thinking ]
Immortality potion?
Uh, no, thanks.
I mean, I probably shouldn't
take it on an empty stomach.
Well, lucky for you,
you've got plenty of hot corn.
[ Giggles ]
Oh, I actually don't even
like hot corn.
It's just a job for me.
Strictly business.
Strictly business?
You love hot corn,
Susie.
You love it so much you got
married to a basket of hot corn.
I officiated
at the wedding.
I also delivered invitations
and gave the toast.
I even learned calligraphy
for it.
Don't you remember?
[ All giggle ]
Happy birthday,
Little Patches.
It's Susie!
Yoo-hoo!
Girls.
Come back to the rooming house
for an early dinner.
I've made some birthday
hot corn chowder
with birthday hot corn cakes
for dessert.
You don't want any tummy rumbles
during your Gibbous Rite.
Oh, and Susie, I've, uh --
I've got a letter for you.
Ooh, it must be
from my parents.
I love hot corn chowder.
You coming, Susie?
I'm just gonna read this letter,
Miss Mary.
I'll be there
in a minute.
[ Gasps ]
Dear Susie, my name
is William Rutherford.
I was escorting your parents
on their journey back to London,
but we became separated and --
and I'm not really sure
where they are now.
I mean, I'm sure they're fine,
but, well,
let me know
if you hear from them, okay?
Yours sincerely,
William Ruthf--
Susie: I can't believe
my parents are missing.
Well, they're tough
adventurers.
They'll be okay.
I think?
Why does the stupid Gibbous Rite
have to happen on my birthday?
[ Crying ]
What am I gonna do if my parents
aren't here to perform it?
I'm gonna be a baby witch
forever.
Wait.
What if...
"Stunts all forms of growth..."
Well, if it was always
my 15th birthday,
then I could just wait
till Mum and Pop get back.
Whenever that is.
Well, what's the worst
that could happen?
Adulthood's just a bunch
of chores
and small talk anyway...
I presume.
Down the hatch.
[ Burps ]
[ Gulps ]
You know, actually,
now that I think about it,
it's probably not
so bad growing up.
I've heard a lot of good things
about spooning --
collecting antique spoons
from your travels, that is.
[ Rumbling ]
Mildred.
[ Coughs ]
Sorry about that
That wasn't supposed to happen.
Guess I don't always know
my own strength.
At least it's not poison smoke
like last time.
Hey, maybe after
my own Gibbous Rite,
my powers
will mellow out a bit.
You know, mature.
You know what I mea--
Mildred! What are you doing?
You're ruining all my things!
Get off, get off!
Sorry. Geez.
I just wanted
to help you get ready.
Here,
I'll put it all back.
No, wait!
Boop.
Whoops.
You!
It wasn't my fault.
It's always your fault!
Don't be mean to me,
Susie,
or I'll tell Mum and Pop
when they get back.
They're not coming back.
They might not ever come back.
Because of you!
If you could've ever just
learned to be a pinch reserved,
we'd all be
in the moors right now.
Instead, our parents are lost
in the frozen north
getting you a potion,
you're an uncontrollable
child witch,
and I'm an immortal
hot corn girl.
What?
Knock, knock.
Everything okay
up here?
I heard an explosion,
or as I call it, a "Mildred."
Then I smelled some Mildred
in the air
so I thought the house
was Mildreding down.
Here.
Read it yourself.
Alright, alright.
Now, that's enough of that.
Now, clean up this mess,
Mildred, and you come with me.
Now, what is this all about,
Susie?
What's gotten into you?
[ Crying ]
Oh.
They're not coming.
My parents.
That's what the letter said.
And now my things are all broken
and my brooch is a frog
and now
I'll never be a witch.
Susie. Hey.
Is that all?
Listen, you don't need
any of that stuff
for a Gibbous Rite.
Get with the times,
girl.
My friend Iris did mine
in a ranky loo stall
while we were hiding out
from some Canterbury bobbies.
My parents don't even know
about it. [ Chuckles ]
In fact, we've got everything
we need right upstairs.
Come on.
I'll show you.
Miss Mary:
And with this ritual chalice,
I mean with this, uh,
"Candied Man,"
we affirm
the sacred wheel.
And now,
to complete the ritual.
A star for my star.
Bright, bold,
and steadfast.
A queen among ornaments.
Or witches.
Either way.
Congratulations.
You're a full witch woman,
part of the history of
witchcraft now and forever.
Forever.
Let's celebrate.
Ooh, do you know what?
There's one more thing
that would make this
even more special.
Come on.
What? I don't get it?
Where's the thing?
Well, why don't you open up
and you'll see.
But Mildred's in th--
Oh, I get it.
[ Sighs ] Fine.
[ Gasps ]
Whelp,
this can't be good.
♪♪
But I don't want everyone
in London
to hear about
my special box.